{
  "brand_name": "Harlan MD Smart Lotion Eczema Cream",
  "product_description": "A dermatological cream for eczema and dermatitis, designed to tackle the root causes of skin flare-ups (such as eczema and psoriasis) with ingredients including low-strength hydrocortisone and element sulfur. The product aims to reduce itching, pain, and flare-ups, providing relief and long-term skin maintenance and is suitable for both children and adults."
}, From skin that looked like this to skin that looked like this after using just one dermatitis product. Louise used to suffer regular and extremely painful breakouts of eczema on her head, arms, and neck. Her mom tried everything her dermatologist prescribed, as well as anything she could get across the counter that could possibly help. The biggest problem was the itching and stopping her child from causing more damage to her skin, a problem which a lot of parents with eczema can relate to. This is the same story as Cassia, who suffered from really bad psoriasis on her legs. She had given up hope of finding a solution to the angry red rashes. Same story as Ashley, who, like Louise, suffered from large breakouts of eczema, mainly all over her shoulder and neck area. It affected her movement, as well as the ability to work and perform basic tasks such as washing her hands without pain and terrible flaking. Each of these stories ends with the discovery of Harlan MD Smart Lotion Eczema Cream. And this is the result of just a few weeks of use. It's simply incredible. Smart Lotion worked on Louise, Cassia, and Ashley because it actually tackled the root causes of their dermatitis instead of just relieving symptoms. Louise's mom was a little worried about the low-strength hydrocortisone that is one of the main ingredients of Smart Lotion. But luckily, Smart Lotion's second main ingredient is Element Sulfur, which isn't just a prebiotic that prevents flare-ups, it also shields the skin from any reactions that may come from the low-strength steroid. Cassia's life was changed by Smart Lotion. She now only uses it occasionally for maintenance as recommended. If you know anybody who suffers from eczema symptoms or any other type of dermatitis, I highly recommend that they look into getting their hands on some Smart Lotion. It comes with a 60-day guarantee, so there is no need for them to commit to a purchase if for whatever reason they aren't completely satisfied. But it is worth it. Click to learn more to see real user results.