{
  "brand_name": "Unknown (not specified in the transcript, likely a personal brand or influencer-hosted event)",
  "product_description": "A free, 100% online event teaching participants how to make money using their phone, including the exact frameworks the host used to become financially successful at a young age. The event aims to help people stop wasting time on their phones and instead leverage that time for financial gain. Signing up also provides immediate access to a goal-setting PDF to help users define and achieve their goals."
}, You are being robbed. And you're not just being robbed of anything. You're being robbed of your most precious resource. The one thing you can never get back. Time. So who's robbing you? Well, it's your phone. Now, that's no surprise. The time you waste on your phone is the single biggest reason why you're not where you want to be in life. So instead of wasting your life away on your phone, you need to learn how to make money off your phone. And that's exactly what I'm going to teach you on my new event. From January 15th to 22nd, I will pull back the curtain and reveal everything. I am going to reveal the exact frameworks I used to build my dream life by leveraging the time that everyone spends on their phone. While they used it to become addicted, I used it to become a millionaire. Now, here's the kicker. Everyone's on their phone anyway. And with everyone on their phone, there's an infinite amount of money to be made. All you need to do is claim it. And after January 15th, you'll have all of the tools and resources you need to do so. And the best part? The event will be 100% free and 100% online. So to get access, all you need to do is click around this video and sign up with your name and email. Make 2024 the year where you finally make a change. Because God knows you tell yourself every year that this will be your year, but it never is. But after this event, you're going to have no excuse. You will have the exact frameworks I used to make multiple seven figures by the age of 18 and tens of millions by the age of 23. All using my phone. And if you sign up now, you're also going to get immediate access to a goal setting PDF. This is going to be the blueprint that you use to build your dream life. And why is that important? Because you will never reach your goal if you don't know exactly what you're aiming for. And that is why the goal setting worksheet is so important. So with that said, click around this video to sign up and I'll see you soon.