{
  "brand_name": "Cabinet Health",
  "product_description": "A sustainable pharmacy service that offers both over-the-counter medications and prescription drugs in plastic-free, refillable, and compostable packaging. Cabinet Health provides convenient mail-order refills, customized prescription information, and will contact your prescriber for refills, allowing customers to manage their medications in an environmentally friendly way without trips to the pharmacy."
}, 2024 we are going up in every way possible and that means our prescriptions. So we're going from this to plastic free. So I found cabinet health a while ago and I was like this is amazing. On the back of it you scan the QR code and I used it for like some generic ones. This is just gas relief. But now they do prescriptions which is amazing because again you don't want to keep wasting so much and as opposed to that they'll send you refills and always sustainable. When they send like the packets it's a refillable pouch that's compostable so you know your girl is sustainable. And they give you the information on the back of this for your prescription completely customized. You get your refills and that's it. Then you just refill that based on like what your spot is for that. And then you are good to go. Look at you. You are saving the world. Not only is the aesthetic amazing but they stack up like this. Anytime you have the prescription one they have a wide variety so you can just go on their website and search it. So it's pretty simple and pretty amazing. I love companies that have the same values as me and I'm very much a save the world do what we can be as sustainable as possible and I'm very happy that cabinet is on the same page. So check out if they have your prescriptions so you can get it refilled there. The cool thing too about it is if you're running low if you're out they contact your prescriber so you don't have to do anything. It's pretty much like if you were to pick up a prescription at like CVS whatever but you're getting it shipped to you so you don't have to go to the store and wait in the long drive through line because we all know the pain of that. I actually went through that a few days ago.