{
  "brand_name": "Boom by Cindy Joseph",
  "product_description": "Boom is a pro-age makeup line designed for older women, focusing on enhancing natural beauty instead of covering up signs of aging. The flagship products are the Boomsticks—three multipurpose sticks: Boomstick Glo (a moisturizer/highlighter), Boomstick Color (a universal color for lips, cheeks, and face), and Boomstick Glimmer (a subtle pearlescent highlighter). The line also includes Boom Bright mascara. All products are made with natural ingredients like olive oil, beeswax, and honey, and are intended to give a natural, radiant look suitable for all skin tones without heavy coverage."
}, Hi there. I'm 57 years old, and I'm gonna show you how I boom. It came in a little bag, which was really fun. I didn't expect that. That was a little extra treat. And I was so happy when I put this on, because I was honestly not expecting that much. So I put it on like this, and I always love to do a lot around my eyes or anywhere where I feel like I have, oh, you know, lap lines or anything like that. It's just incredible. I was so pleased with it because it just goes on so nice and silky, and there's only natural ingredients in there, so I know my skin is not gonna react, which is fabulous. And just putting that on makes me feel done up. I mean, I don't even go on a walk without that on. That has been really fun. And then the second thing is the color. Now, I have a lot of color in my skin because I have rosacea, but this is perfect because it evens it out in the areas that it's not red, and it's not, like, overly colored. And it's so crazy because this color and boomstick color matches every skin tone, and I don't know how they did that. I just do a little bit up here because I read one time it makes you look sun-kissed if you put it up here, so I don't know. I just, for some reason, I always have done that. And this side you can't see as much because of my hair, but I try to make it even. So I just do a little bit to sort of even out the redness. And then I absolutely love lipstick, and it's the perfect lipstick. Like I said, the perfect color. I don't go anywhere without it. It's so moisturizing. It's just enough color. I think it's fantastic. And then I think this is so fun. The boomstick glimmer is so fun. I have never had a glimmery makeup before, and it just feels special. Again, always from the eyes, and it's not, like, overly sparkly. Like, maybe if you were going to go out. I just feel like it's so fancy. And again, it feels great. It just feels like I'm putting moisture on top of moisture on top of moisture. So I feel like I was getting it wrong before. I was concealing, and the concealer was sticking in my wrinkles. And this is like everything is moisture. Everything is natural. So it's almost like more of you comes forward. It's crazy. I never would have thought that. I was eyeing this for years, and for some reason I didn't buy it. And I'm so glad that I gave it a try because it's everything that I would want right now. I just feel like it's, like I said, it doesn't matter if I'm going to the grocery store, going on a walk. I can put one, all three. It just, I don't go outside without them. I thought it was so fun. I bought some for my mom, and she loves it too. It's just the right amount, and I think that the absolute crown jewel is the Boom Bright. I was so happy when they came out with some mascara because I don't know about you, but I've ordered some mascaras that smell like a Sharpie. And yes, they do the job, but that just doesn't feel like the right thing to be putting next to your eyes. So this, I have never ever had a mascara that smells good. This smells fantastic, and it does not clump, which is huge. And it doesn't wear off or fall off or, you know, go all the way down your cheeks. It stays where it's supposed to, and it's just the right coverage. I've been so thrilled with it because I love mascara, and I've had the hardest time finding one that I like. And this one is absolutely perfect. So that's how I Boom. I'm ready to go anywhere, outside, for a walk, to the grocery store. I could probably even go out like this. This is how I would go out. So I would love to hear how you Boom. I am crazy about this. The ingredients in these products are incredible. Olive oil, beeswax, honey. It's just amazing. You could practically eat this stuff. I look like me, but I've got a glow. They're called Boom Sticks, the creation of a former makeup artist turned model and entrepreneur. I'm Lauren Glassberg with Cindy Joseph's story coming up. Every single cosmetic company offers anti-aging products. Anti-wrinkle cream. Anti-me. Anti all of my peers. So I thought, okay, it's time to create something that's pro-age. Her line is called Boom. Because it's the sound of a revolution. And it's the pro-age revolution. I think crow's feet and silver hair and age spots are badges. They're actually something that we earned, that we can show off. She's such a believer, she has her own makeup line that she says is the antithesis to what's already out there. A cream made with honey in Hawaii and three sticks made in New York. One that's for moisturizing, the other for color. Cheeks. Forehead. And a glimmer highlighter. Nothing covers up what you've got because this former makeup artist turned model and entrepreneur isn't about hiding your age, but embracing it. I want every woman to feel righteous and beautiful and powerful and awesome at the age she is. I wanted to make cosmetics that would have a woman look like she looks when she's happy. There's one is a moisturizer in a stick and it's handmade by beekeepers in Hawaii. So basically you can see she's just got this little bit of sheen to her skin. It's light, it's not heavy. Boomstick color is a universal color that works on all skin tones. And this is a color that women really get when they blush. You get color in your lips, in your cheeks, across your forehead, down the sides of your neck. So this is one stick that does the trick everywhere. And then there's boomstick glimmer which is a little bit of radiance and it's just a tiny bit of pearlescence and iridescence. It's not frost because frost calls attention to itself and this calls attention to you. I use the glow, glimmer and the color and it's beautiful. They just go on very easy. You can, you know, change them. One can be the lipstick and then the eyeshadow and then on the cheeks. It's great. I love the boom product. I've been using the boom products already for three years. I love it. It's zoom, zip. I put on a little glimmer, a little blush, looking moist. And I enjoyed the day really not feeling made up but not feeling naked. It was just really beautiful. The glimmer thing is cool because I never thought that I would like anything like that at my age. I always thought that was like a 20s thing. But it's so subtle, just sort of highlights the parts of my face that like being highlighted. And the color is just interesting to me because, you know, when I saw the demonstration online, as she started to talk, it started to blend. And it's fascinating to me that it is for all different kinds of women, all different colors of women. I love that part of it. It was such a natural look. I don't know if it's one of those things that just adjust to everybody's skin type, but it certainly adjusted to mine. And I also put it on my lips. The glow, I put that as a highlighter in here. I did use the glimmer a lot. And so I go out, you know, I DJ. So I dress up a little. And this is perfect because I don't like to use too much makeup in general. And this is just perfect product for me. Just a little glimmer here, little glimmer here, little glimmer here. And then the color thing is awesome. That's all I do. Little mascara sometimes, maybe sometimes even not. But I love the color of the color. This kind of Bordeaux, you know, kind of very nice. It's sophisticated. I like that.