{
  "brand_name": "Shakti Mat",
  "product_description": "The Shakti Mat is an acupressure mat designed to promote relaxation, relieve pain (such as back pain), and increase blood circulation through the use of fine spiky tips that stimulate the skin and release endorphins. It is handmade by women in India, supporting female empowerment. The product is suitable for everyone and comes in a lighter version for sensitive skin."
}, How can lying on a spiky bed of nails help you relax? That's exactly what I was thinking until a few years ago. You can watch this video to find out. Ich bin Stefanos. Ich bin Glyn und wir sind die Gründe von Shakti Mat. Leider sprechen wir kein Deutsch. Aber wir wollen euch gerne Shakti Mat präsentieren. Also schalten wir jetzt auf Englisch um. Together we were backpacking through India, Cambodia, Nepal, Thailand for four years and on the way we discovered the Shakti Mat. And the first time I used the Shakti Mat I was completely fascinated by it. Of course it prickles in the beginning but after a while you get this amazing feeling of relaxation. The pressure of the spikes on the skin releases endorphins and oxytocin into the body. These are also known as the happiness hormones. So after some minutes of laying on the mat you start to really kick back and feel relaxed. And of course the Shakti Mat does much more than that. The fine tips increase the blood circulation and that enables to release stubborn tensions in the body. And also we've had thousands of our customers writing back to us telling us how the Shakti Mat has helped them a lot with their back pain issues. You can read everything that they're saying on our website. Since the day we started with Shakti Mat it has been especially important to us to make the product as ethical and sustainable as possible. The Shakti Mat is 100% handmade in our female only factory in Varanasi, India where we only employ women. And this is so that we can support them to become self-sufficient and financially independent. And with each Shakti Mat you don't only bring relaxation and pain relief in your life, you also contribute to our social impact especially around female empowerment in India. So get your Shakti Mat now and start experiencing the many benefits of acupressure. Sometimes some of our customers ask us if the Shakti Mat is at all dangerous or if it hurts. To be clear the Shakti Mat is not dangerous at all. Acupressure is an ancient healing technique that is thousands of years old and can bring many health benefits to the body. Even though it prickles a little bit in the beginning, after a while you start to see the benefits of the Shakti Mat. And for people with more sensitive skins we have the Shakti Mat Light which you can use on more tender parts of your body like the chest or the belly. You can also begin by using the mat on a sofa or a bed or wearing a thin t-shirt to allow time for the body to adjust to using the Shakti Mat on bare skin. So basically the Shakti Mat is suitable for everybody. The Shakti Mat relaxes over a quarter million people in Germany already and it has received over 7,000 five star reviews so far. In fact we're so convinced that the Shakti Mat can help you that you can test drive it for 60 days and if you're not completely satisfied you can return it. And to summarize you take zero risk, you reap all the benefits of acupressure through the Shakti Mat by bringing pain relief and relaxation into your life and at the same time you get to support our crafts women in India. So discover acupressure for yourself on shaktimat.de. And cut. How do you think that went? I need to lay down on a Shakti Mat. Yeah me too.