{
  "brand_name": "Sam Edelman",
  "product_description": "Sam Edelman is a footwear brand offering stylish and comfortable shoes suitable for the workplace, including options with decorative heels and various color choices. The shoes are designed to balance comfort, style, and appropriateness for office settings."
}, I start work in September and I'm gonna need new work shoes. And I've always struggled with finding a good pair. I talked to my friend who goes in the office and we were kind of talking about some of the main things we look for in a work shoe. I think number one is comfort, especially if you're in a big city. Of course, number two, you want them to be cute. You don't want ugly shoes. I don't think they have to be so cute that you'd wear them when you weren't working, but cute enough that you feel like yourself. And then also trying to figure out what your vibe is. Do you want a little bit of a heel or is it casual enough you can wear a tennis shoe? That's a lot of requirements. We all know I'm very picky. Okay, I screenshotted some and I'm gonna put them on the screen. I like these. I think I kind of like the pointed toe and I think if you want a heel, I feel like this could be a good option. I go back and forth all the time if I like the look of loafers or mules, I think these are called. If I were to get them, I think this would be a good option. Okay, these aren't bad. These are, they look comfortable and they have like a little bit of a heel. Again, if I was to get loafers, I think I would get these. I don't know. Very not my style, but I feel like these are a really good option for the workplace. Oh, these are cute. Sam Edelman. I love the things on the heels. Those look really comfortable. They come in this color too. I like these. I feel like most workplaces have to be close-toed, but if not, any kind of sandal I feel like would work. How do we feel about these? I don't know. They're Target. My friend said these were very like old looking. If you can do an open-toed shoe to work, I think these are so cute. Okay, if you have any good recommendations, please comment.