{
  "brand_name": "First Day",
  "product_description": "A vitamin gummy supplement designed specifically for teens to address common nutrient deficiencies—folate, vitamin B12, and vitamin D—which may affect behavior and overall health. The gummies are low in sugar, palatable for picky eaters, and formulated to support healthy brain function and stress regulation."
}, Is your teen always acting out? Believe it or not, grounding your teen or those gentle parenting tips, there's a reason why they don't work for many. They're not addressing the root cause of your teen's behavior. You see, recent research shows that three main deficiencies could be the cause. Number one is folate deficiency. Teens often lack the crucial nutrients for oxygen, like folate. Less oxygen equals less brain function. Number two is vitamin B12 deficiency. B12 keeps the body's cells healthy. Without this, tiredness and irritability start to set in. And number three is vitamin D deficiency. The lack of vitamin D prevents proper calcium absorption, and some research indicates less calcium equals more stress. All of these deficiencies are actually a part of a worldwide problem that UNICEF calls hidden hunger. And so many studies and parents are discovering how nutrient deficiencies can be linked to behavior. So what can you do? You can try to force-feed your teen hundreds of cups of spinach to fit their folate needs, or broccoli to make up for these nutrient gaps. But let's get real, that's not happening. First Day has created a vitamin designed specifically to fight hidden hunger to fill in these nutrient gaps. It has the right amount of folate, vitamin B12, and vitamin D that could be missing even in good diets. These gummies are low in sugar and picky eater approved, so you can feel good about giving them to your teen. Plus, they taste delicious. Stop struggling with ineffective parenting techniques. Get to the root of the problem and give your teen what they need. See why thousands of parents regret not adding this to their routine sooner.