{
  "brand_name": "Unknown/Generic (no brand explicitly stated in transcript)",
  "product_description": "A course, coaching program, or educational service teaching content creators how to monetize their social media presence. The ad explains various methods for making money through social media—ad revenue, affiliate links, sponsorships, services, and products—suggesting a structured approach to building an online income. The call to action encourages starting with service offerings, then moving to digital products for scalable, passive income."
}, Here are the five main ways to make money with social, going from pocket money level to Lamborghini money level. Ad revenue. Unless you're getting tens of millions of views every single month, you will not make a full-time income from ad revenue. And overnight, these platforms can decide to give you significantly less money and you can't do anything about it. Affiliate links. These are a great place to get started, but they can often feel scammy. And unless you're an expert and you're hyper niched down, people probably won't click your links. Sponsorships. From the outside looking in, sponsorships seem like paradise. You just roll out a bed, spend 10 minutes on a video and then get paid two grand. But having worked with many, many creators, sponsorships tend to be the one that burns people out. There are many horror stories of brands fucking over creators. It's a huge amount of pressure to get enough views to feel like you can justify the amount you've been paid. And you have to be hyper niched down in terms of the content type and format if you really want to maximize your results. Also, brands always look at your average view count. And if it drops, you're going to get super stressed. Services are a great way to become less dependent on the platforms for your income. And they unlock significantly more money and more predictable money than the above three methods. However, with services, we're usually trading time for money. And we want to move away from that as soon as we can. Products. Products decouple the relationship between your time and your money. Therefore, meaning you can go to sleep and continue to make money. You can go on holiday and continue to make money. The platforms can change and you'll still make money. Products are by far the highest leverage way to make more money. But I still recommend that you start with services so that you understand the sorts of products that you should build out.