{
  "brand_name": "Eskin Filtered Showerhead",
  "product_description": "The Eskin Filtered Showerhead is a showerhead that filters out chlorine and heavy metals from your shower water, aiming to reduce hair and skin problems associated with hard water such as frizziness, dryness, thinning hair, acne, eczema, and redness. It is easy to install, compatible with most showers in the US, offers a subscription service for filter replacement, promises to improve water pressure, and comes with a full money-back guarantee if you are not satisfied."
}, Three ways to get smoother, softer hair if you have hard water. One, apple cider vinegar rinse. To break down minerals, mix one tablespoon apple cider vinegar with three cups of purified water and work the solution through your wet hair. Leave on for five minutes, then rinse thoroughly. Two, purified bottled water. Rinse out chlorine and heavy metals using purified bottled water at the end of each shower. Three, get a filtered showerhead. Eliminate your hard water problem by installing a filtered showerhead. I have really hard water where I live and I've tried them all, so let me put you on to the best one by far. I swear by this one and highly recommend the Eskin filtered showerhead. It made the fastest and most dramatic difference to my hair and skin by far. My hair went from dry, frizzy, and feeling like it had a film on it that would not wash out, to soft, shiny, cooperative, and full of life. It filters out the chlorine and heavy metals that so many people don't know are causing their skin and hair conditions like thinning hair, dry skin, acne, eczema, redness, frizzy hair, and so many more. I was a little skeptical to try it at first, but then I saw on their website that they're so confident it'll work for you, they even promise to send you your money back in full if you don't find relief. You don't even have to return the product. It gets delivered super fast and comes with everything you need to set it up, no extra tools required. Plus, it takes less than three minutes to install and it's compatible with 98% of showers in the USA. I can't believe how easy it was. They also have this genius subscription program where a new filter shows up at your door right when your old one needs replacing, which is great because without it, I would definitely forget and changing the filter just takes 10 seconds or less. Eskin has thousands of five-star reviews from people who have found relief from so many different skin and hair problems. So if you're suffering and you can't figure out what's causing the issue, there's a good chance it's the water you're showering in and you need to get an Eskin too. Oh, and did I mention it doubles your water pressure? I mean, just look at how strong that is. There's zero risk in trying it. If it doesn't work for you, they'll refund you in full and you don't even have to send the product back. Trust me on this one, tap below to try Eskin today and save 15% before they sell out again.