{
  "brand_name": "Pure Good",
  "product_description": "Pure Good produces skincare products made from tallow (rendered animal fat) derived from their family-raised cattle. Their main offerings include tallow-based balms and moisturizers, such as the anti-aging 'Revival' balm with frankincense and myrrh, a 'Citrus' blend for hydration and vitamin C, and a popular, buttery tallow lip balm. These products are designed to moisturize, nourish, and support healthy, youthful skin and lips."
}, Hey, my name is Caitlin and I am the founder of Pure Good. Our family are fifth generation ranchers and two years ago we started selling tallow bombs that came from the cattle our own family raised. The past two years we have barely been able to keep up with demand. We went from my kitchen to a 5,000 square foot production facility with multiple employees. And I'm going to tell you about our top three sellers that have made that happen. First up, this is by far our best selling blend. This is Revival. We have so many reviews on our website from people saying they are noticing a decrease in their fine lines and wrinkles. This is the one that we always recommend for mature skin or if you're trying to fight signs of aging, it is just chef's kiss on the skin. It has organic frankincense and myrrh and is just so incredible. It is by far our best seller for a reason. Next up we have Citrus. This blend smells so good. It is like the brightest, most summery orange, but it is so good for just balancing hydration and vitamin C. Just a really good overall moisturizer. Last but not least, our viral lip balm. If you know, you know how hard it is to get your hands on this. I don't know how many times we have restocked this lip balm, but we have never had it in stock for longer than a day because it is so good. People cannot wait to get their hands on it. It is by far the best lip balm I have ever used. It is so buttery and good on your lips, but don't worry because we are constantly restocking it. We have thousands of happy customers that have made the switch to our tallow and never looked back. You can get free shipping on all orders over $75 and 10% off of your first order using code PURE10. So head to our website and snag some before we sell out again.